Oops, that's great
Xiuyuan, you finally regained your memory
Why did I lose my job?
To live as a memorial pavilion
Are you afraid that the amateurs will find me?
Yes, I remember telling you at the beginning
Su Ran pedaled several boats at the same time
You don't believe
You even want to be with him
At the risk of breaking with the family
What about the facts?
After a lifetime
Although he not only gave birth to other people's children
Still looking for a father for the child
Yan Ting, I don't want Su Ren to approach you
I don't want you to be hurt again
I believe you will understand my mother's good intentions
Don't worry, even if I recover my memory
I will never be with Su Ran
That's fine.
You finally understand my good intentions
Fortunately, I did my best in front of Aunt Ji in advance
Otherwise, Yan Ting would not believe it so quickly
No, I have to figure out a way to get the eyes off ASAP
Handsome dad, why are you in the hospital?
Are you sick?
How do you know that?
Long time no see you
Got lovesickness
It's all right now.
This dad is a liar
Lovesickness means missing your girlfriend.
How could it be thinking of me?
Little devil
How about you? Are you here to see a doctor?
I accompanied my mother to see the patient.
What about mom? He should be up soon.
Mr. Ji has completed the formalities
I'll wait for you at the door
Mom mom